README.md, before:

# Calcite Maps - Styler

Styler is a [new ArcGIS configurable application](http://server.arcgis.com/en/portal/latest/use/application-templates.htm) that can be used to easily create, style and share modern 2D and 3D map apps. Using simple [configuration parameters](#configurationParameters) you can customize everything from the title, menus and text, to the overall color, theme and layout. The app is hosted on [ArcGIS Online](http://www.arcgis.com/home/item.html?id=7217645840b8465ab03d6e3efbe21d1d) so you can style maps **on-the-fly** by using [URL parameters](#configurationParameters) in your browser or if you have an existing web map or web scene, you can create (more advanced) apps **step-by-step** by configuring them with the [new Styler template](http://www.arcgis.com/home/item.html?id=7217645840b8465ab03d6e3efbe21d1d). Once styled, share your app at any time just by sharing the URL - with no programming.

Styler is built with the [new ArcGIS API for JavaScript v4](https://developers.arcgis.com/javascript), [Calcite Maps](https://github.com/Esri/calcite-maps) and [Bootstrap](http://getbootstrap.com). The application is fully responsive and supports many features of the new JavaScript v4 API such as loading 2D web maps and 3D web scenes, displaying image and vector tile basemaps, showing legend and layers, positioning widgets on the view, and searching and finding places. The app can be accessed in [ArcGIS Online](http://www.arcgis.com/home/item.html?id=7217645840b8465ab03d6e3efbe21d1d) or configured further with [ArcGIS Enterprise](http://www.esri.com/arcgis/products/arcgis-enterprise/Overview), or if you download and host it locally.

## Examples of styling maps on-the-fly

<table>
 <tr>
 <td><a href="#example1"><img src="./example-1.png?raw=true"></a></td>
 <td><a href="#example2"><img src="./example-2.png?raw=true"></a></td>
 <td><a href="#example3"><img src="./example-3.png?raw=true"></a></td>
 <td><a href="#example4"><img src="./example-4.png?raw=true"></a></td>
<tr>
</table>

## How to create, style and share an app

1. Open the default [2D map](http://esri.github.io/calcite-maps-styler-template/index.html?webmap=default) or [3D scene](http://esri.github.io/calcite-maps-styler-template/index.html?webscene=default) and search for a place of interest. e.g. "New York City"

2. At the top, click the `main menu` > `Share`. This updates the browser URL. Now you can add or edit the URL [configuration parameters](#configurationParameters) e.g. title, bgcolor, basemap... to customize the map. Refresh to apply.
 
 ```
 https://esri.github.io/calcite-maps-styler-template/index.html?webmap=default&title=New York City at Night&bgcolor=dark-blue&basemap=streets-night-vector&lat=40.72461&lon=-73.99893&zoom=12
 https://esri.github.io/calcite-maps-styler-template/index.html?webscene=128ba9498cca447ab6ec356b84fee879
 ```

3. Now share your URL with others.

That's it, you're done! See more examples of the [configuration parameters](#configurationParameters) below.

### <a id="example1"></a>Example 1: [Default Map + Styled title, location, about text and basemap](https://esri.github.io/calcite-maps-styler-template/index.html?webmap=default&title=Explore New%20York%20&abouttext=Click + hold on the map to find interesting places&lat=40.71862&lon=-73.99343&zoom=13&basemap=streets-navigation-vector&activepanel=about)

```
https://esri.github.io/calcite-maps-styler-template/index.html?webmap=default
  &title=Explore New York
  &abouttext=Click + hold on the map to find interesting places
  &lat=40.71862
  &lon=-73.99343
  &zoom=13
  &basemap=streets-navigation-vector
  &activepanel=about
```

![example-1.png](./example-1.png?raw=true)

### <a id="example2"></a>Example 2: [Existing Map + Styled colors, theme, bottom layout and bookmark panel](https://esri.github.io/calcite-maps-styler-template/index.html?webmap=742e3546ff1e4e0bba3360ae5004d0e1&bgcolor=dark-blue&opacity=.75&widgettheme=light&theme=custom&layout=bottom-medium&aboutsummary=true&menubookmarks=true&activepanel=bookmarks)

```
https://esri.github.io/calcite-maps-styler-template/index.html?webmap=742e3546ff1e4e0bba3360ae5004d0e1
  &bgcolor=dark-blue
  &opacity=.75
  &theme=custom
  &layout=bottom-medium
  &menubookmarks=true
  &aboutsummary=true
  &activepanel=bookmarks
```

![example-2.png](./example-2.png?raw=true)

### <a id="example3"></a>Example 3: [Default Scene + Styled titles, RBG color, light theme, about text and manual widget positioning](https://esri.github.io/calcite-maps-styler-template/index.html?webscene=default&title=Big%20Bear%20Lake%2C%20California&subtitle=A%20great%20vacation%20getaway&bgcolor=rgb(140, 94, 42)&theme=light&widgetzoom=bottom-left&widgethome=hide&widgetnavtoggle=bottom-left&lat=34.24513&lon=-116.89622&heading=174&tilt=80&altitude=2086&scale=14739&&abouttext=&abouttext=Come explore the mountains in SoCal!)

```
https://esri.github.io/calcite-maps-styler-template/index.html?webscene=default
  &title=Big Bear Lake, California
  &subtitle=A great vacation getaway
  &abouttext=Come explore the mountains in SoCal!
  &bgcolor=rgb(140, 94, 42)
  &theme=light
  &widgetzoom=bottom-left
  &widgethome=hide
  &widgetnavtoggle=bottom-left
  &lat=34.24513
  &lon=-116.89622
  &heading=174
  &tilt=80
  &altitude=2086
  &scale=14739
```

![example-3.png](./example-3.png?raw=true)

### <a id="example4"></a>Example 4: [Existing Scene + Styled transparent color, dark widgets, theme dark, small top layout, widget layout right, panels left, about with Web Scene description](https://esri.github.io/calcite-maps-styler-template/index.html?webscene=128ba9498cca447ab6ec356b84fee879%20&bgcolor=transparent&widgettheme=dark&widgetslayout=top-right&panelslayout=left&layout=top-small&lat=43.72115&lon=9.82826&activepanel=about&aboutdescription=true&zoom=2)

```
https://esri.github.io/calcite-maps-styler-template/index.html?webscene=128ba9498cca447ab6ec356b84fee879
  &title=Airflow%20Globe
  &subtitle=Air Traffic Routes
  &bgcolor=transparent
  &theme=dark
  &widgettheme=dark
  &layout=top-small
  &widgetslayout=top-right
  &panelslayout=left
  &lat=50.21064
  &lon=15.07372
  &zoom=2
  &activepanel=about
  &aboutdescription=true
```

![example-4.png](./example-4.png?raw=true)

## Features

What can you configure?

- Title/subtitle
- Menus and panels
- About text
- Search
- Widgets and location
- App layout
- App styles and colors
- Map start-up location

What mapping operations can you perform?

- Load web maps and web scenes
- Search for locations and places
- Find places e.g. Parks, Restaurants, Gas Stations…
- Browse bookmarks and slides
- Display legend and layers
- Change basemaps
- Zoom to your location or home
- View coordinates, zoom level, scale, tilt, rotation
- Share your current map view with others

## <a id="configurationParameters"></a>Configuration Parameters

Here are the parameters you can configure in a URL or in a JSON file.

|parameter|description|type|example|
|---|---|---|---|
|webmap|Webmap ID for webmap|String|`default`, `e1653fe614c04b6aa4efba5ba7b56d05`|
|webscene|Webscene ID for webscene|String|`default`, `bdc09d6c8ef8492783ebe2c572950931`|
|lat|Latitude to move the map to on start-up|Number|`45`|
|lon|Longitude to move the map to on start-up|Number|`-120`|
|x|X coordinate to move the map to on start-up|Number|`-50000000`|
|y|Y coordinate to move the map to on start-up|Number|`50000000`|
|wkid|Spatial reference value to support x/y values on start-up|Number|`103500`|
|zoom|Level of Detail (LOD) to zoom to on start-up |Number|`1`-`20`|
|scale|The scale the map displays on start-up. This prevails over zoom.|Number|`1`-`100000000`|
|rotation|Rotation of the 2D view on start-up|Number|`0`-`360`|
|tilt|Angle of the 3D view on start-up|Number|`0`-`90`|
|heading|Heading of the 3D view on start-up|Number|`0`-`360`|
|basemap|Basemap to use for the map on start-up. See ArcGIS JS API reference|String|`streets`, `satellite`...|
|title|Title of the application|String|`New York`|
|subtitle|Subtitle of the application|String|`A great place to visit`|
|abouttext|Information about your application|String|`Map of the Big Apple`|
|aboutsummary|Includes item summary (snippet) in about text|Boolean|`true`|
|aboutdescription|Includes item description in about text|Boolean|`false`|
|theme|The base color theme used to style the app. "custom" applies your color to the entire app.|String|`light`, `dark`, `custom`|
|bgcolor|The base background color for navbar and panels. Use Calcite colors or RGB/RGBA colors.|String|`light`, `dark`, `blue`..., `rgb(24,24,24)`, `rgba(24,24,24,.5)`|
|textcolor|The base text color for navbar and panels|String|`light`, `dark`|
|opacity|The opacity to use for navbar and panels|String|`0`-`1`|
|widgettheme|The base color for the widgets|String|`light`, `dark`|
|layout|The position of the navbar|String|`top-small`, `top-medium`, `top-medium`, `bottom-small`, `bottom-medium`, `bottom-large`|
|panelslayout|The position of the panels|String|`left`, `right`|
|widgetslayout|The position set for all widgets|String|`top-left`, `top-right`, `bottom-left`, `bottom-right`|
|menuXXX|Name of the menus and panels to display (menuabout, menulegend, menulayers, menubasemaps, menuslides, menubookmarks, menutogglenav, menushare)|Boolean|`true`, `false`|
|menustyledrawer|The style of the menu|Boolean|`true`,`false`|
|dockposition|Position to dock the popup. See ArcGIS JS API|String|`top-right`, `top-center`, `top-left`, `bottom-right`, `bottom-center`, `bottom-left`|
|widgetXXX|Name of the widget to add to the view (widgetzoom, widgethome, widgetlocate, widgettrack, widgetsearch, widgetbasemaptoggle)|String|`show`, `hide`, `top-left`, `top-right`, `bottom-left`, `bottom-right`|
|widgetnextbasemap|The name of the next basemap for the toggle. See ArcGIS JS API reference|String|`streets`, `satellite`...|
|widgetsearchnav|Show the search widget in the navbar|Boolean|`true`, `false`|
|activepanel|Name of the panel to show when app loads|String|`about`, `legend`, `basemaps`, `slides`, `layers`|
|findplaces|Enable long-tap/hold search for restaurants, parks, stores...|Boolean|`true`, `false`|
|showerrors|Display errors in a window when webmap or webscene have load failures|Boolean|`true`, `false`|

### JSON Example

```js
{
  "webmap": "e1653fe614c04b6aa4efba5ba7b56d05",
  "webscene": "",

  "title": "",
  "subtitle": "",
  "abouttext": "",
  "aboutsummary": true,
  "aboutdescription": false,

  "theme": "dark",
  "themecustom": false,
  "bgcolor": "",
  "textcolor": "",
  "opacity": "1",
  "widgettheme": "",

  "layout": "top",
  "panelslayout": "",

  "menuabout": true,
  "menulegend": true,
  "menulayers": true,
  "menubasemaps": true,
  "menuslides": true,
  "menushare": true,
  "menutogglenav": true,

  "menustyledrawer": false,

  "dockposition": "top-right",

  "widgetslayout": "top-left",
  "widgetzoom": "show",
  "widgethome": "show",
  "widgetcompass": "show",
  "widgetnavtoggle": "show",
  "widgetlocate": "show",
  "widgettrack": "hide",
  "widgetsearch": "hide",
  "widgetbasemaptoggle": "show",
  "widgetnextbasemap": "streets",

  "widgetcoords": true,
  
  "widgetsearchnav": true,

  "activepanel": "about",

  "findplaces": true,

  "lat": null,
  "lon": null,
  "x": null,
  "y": null,
  "wkid": null,
  "zoom": null,
  "scale": null,
  "rotation": null,
  "heading": null,
  "tilt": null,
  "altitude": null,

  "basemap": "",

  "showerrors": true
}
```

NOTE: See the [Application Boilerplate](http://www.github.com/Esri/application-boilerplate-js/) for more app configuration options.

### URL Example

The same JSON parameters can be passed to the application via URL.

```
WebMap
http://esri.github.io/calcite-maps-styler-template/index.html?webscene=e47ea1b15e284af5bc9b6be428de1a84&theme=light&bgcolor=dark-blue&opacity=.75
```

```
WebScene
http://esri.github.io/calcite-maps-styler-template/index.html?webscene=91b46c2b162c48dba264b2190e1dbcff&layout=bottom&activepanel=slides
```

## Setup and Deployment

Please see the [Application Boilerplate](http://www.github.com/Esri/application-boilerplate-js/).

## Resources

* [Creating your first Web Map and Web Scene](https://doc.arcgis.com/en/arcgis-online/create-maps/make-your-first-scene.htm)
* [Writing your first application](https://developers.arcgis.com/en/javascript/jstutorials/intro_firstmap_amd.html)
* [Make your first app](http://doc.arcgis.com/en/arcgis-online/create-maps/make-your-first-app.htm)
* [Create apps from maps](http://doc.arcgis.com/en/arcgis-online/create-maps/create-app-templates.htm)
* [Add configurable parameters to templates](http://doc.arcgis.com/en/arcgis-online/create-maps/configurable-templates.htm)
* [Community](https://developers.arcgis.com/en/javascript/jshelp/community.html)
* [ArcGIS for JavaScript API Resource Center](https://js.arcgis.com)
* [ArcGIS Blog](http://blogs.esri.com/esri/arcgis/)
* [twitter@esri](http://twitter.com/esri)

## Issues

Find a bug or want to request a new feature?  Please let us know by submitting an issue.

## Contributing

Esri welcomes contributions from anyone and everyone. Please see our [guidelines for contributing](https://github.com/esri/contributing).

## Licensing

Copyright 2016 Esri

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.

A copy of the license is available in the repository's [license.txt](https://github.com/Esri/calcite-maps-styler-template/blob/master/license.txt) file.

[](Esri Tags: ArcGIS ArcGIS Online Web Application boilerplate template widget Bootstrap Calcite Calcite-Maps Esri JavaScript application)
[](Esri Language: JavaScript)

Commit message:

Update readme.md with new way to style and share maps

README.md, after:

# Calcite Maps - Styler

Styler is a [new ArcGIS configurable application](http://server.arcgis.com/en/portal/latest/use/application-templates.htm) that can be used to easily create, style and share modern 2D and 3D map apps. Using simple [configuration parameters](#configurationParameters) you can customize everything from the title, menus and text, to the overall color, theme and layout. The app is hosted on [ArcGIS Online](http://www.arcgis.com/home/item.html?id=7217645840b8465ab03d6e3efbe21d1d) so you can style maps **on-the-fly** by using [URL parameters](#configurationParameters) in your browser or if you have an existing web map or web scene, you can create (more advanced) apps **step-by-step** by configuring them with the [new Styler template](http://www.arcgis.com/home/item.html?id=7217645840b8465ab03d6e3efbe21d1d). Once styled, share your app at any time just by sharing the URL - with no programming.

Styler is built with the [new ArcGIS API for JavaScript v4](https://developers.arcgis.com/javascript), [Calcite Maps](https://github.com/Esri/calcite-maps) and [Bootstrap](http://getbootstrap.com). The application is fully responsive and supports many features of the new JavaScript v4 API such as loading 2D web maps and 3D web scenes, displaying image and vector tile basemaps, showing legend and layers, positioning widgets on the view, and searching and finding places. The app can be accessed in [ArcGIS Online](http://www.arcgis.com/home/item.html?id=7217645840b8465ab03d6e3efbe21d1d) or configured further with [ArcGIS Enterprise](http://www.esri.com/arcgis/products/arcgis-enterprise/Overview), or if you download and host it locally.

## Examples of styling maps on-the-fly

<table>
 <tr>
 <td><a href="#example1"><img src="./example-1.png?raw=true"></a></td>
 <td><a href="#example2"><img src="./example-2.png?raw=true"></a></td>
 <td><a href="#example3"><img src="./example-3.png?raw=true"></a></td>
 <td><a href="#example4"><img src="./example-4.png?raw=true"></a></td>
<tr>
</table>

## How to create, style and share an app

1. Open the default [2D map](http://esri.github.io/calcite-maps-styler-template/index.html?webmap=default) or [3D scene](http://esri.github.io/calcite-maps-styler-template/index.html?webscene=default) and zoom to or search for a place of interest. e.g. "New York City"

2. At the top, click the `main menu` > `Share`. In the window, feel free to add or edit the URL [configuration parameters](#configurationParameters) to style your map further. e.g. title, bgcolor, basemap... to customize the map. Hit `Enter` to apply.
 
 ```
 https://esri.github.io/calcite-maps-styler-template/index.html?webmap=default
 &title=New York City at Night
 &bgcolor=dark-blue
 &basemap=streets-night-vector
 &lat=40.72461
 &lon=-73.99893
 &zoom=12
 ```

3. Now just copy and paste the URL to share your styled map with others.

That's it, you're done! See more examples of the [configuration parameters](#configurationParameters) below.

### <a id="example1"></a>Example 1: [Default Map + Styled title, location, about text and basemap](https://esri.github.io/calcite-maps-styler-template/index.html?webmap=default&title=Explore New%20York%20&abouttext=Click + hold on the map to find interesting places&lat=40.71862&lon=-73.99343&zoom=13&basemap=streets-navigation-vector&activepanel=about)

```
https://esri.github.io/calcite-maps-styler-template/index.html?webmap=default
  &title=Explore New York
  &abouttext=Click + hold on the map to find interesting places
  &lat=40.71862
  &lon=-73.99343
  &zoom=13
  &basemap=streets-navigation-vector
  &activepanel=about
```

![example-1.png](./example-1.png?raw=true)

### <a id="example2"></a>Example 2: [Existing Map + Styled colors, theme, bottom layout and bookmark panel](https://esri.github.io/calcite-maps-styler-template/index.html?webmap=742e3546ff1e4e0bba3360ae5004d0e1&bgcolor=dark-blue&opacity=.75&widgettheme=light&theme=custom&layout=bottom-medium&aboutsummary=true&menubookmarks=true&activepanel=bookmarks)

```
https://esri.github.io/calcite-maps-styler-template/index.html?webmap=742e3546ff1e4e0bba3360ae5004d0e1
  &bgcolor=dark-blue
  &opacity=.75
  &theme=custom
  &layout=bottom-medium
  &menubookmarks=true
  &aboutsummary=true
  &activepanel=bookmarks
```

![example-2.png](./example-2.png?raw=true)

### <a id="example3"></a>Example 3: [Default Scene + Styled titles, RBG color, light theme, about text and manual widget positioning](https://esri.github.io/calcite-maps-styler-template/index.html?webscene=default&title=Big%20Bear%20Lake%2C%20California&subtitle=A%20great%20vacation%20getaway&bgcolor=rgb(140, 94, 42)&theme=light&widgetzoom=bottom-left&widgethome=hide&widgetnavtoggle=bottom-left&lat=34.24513&lon=-116.89622&heading=174&tilt=80&altitude=2086&scale=14739&&abouttext=&abouttext=Come explore the mountains in SoCal!)

```
https://esri.github.io/calcite-maps-styler-template/index.html?webscene=default
  &title=Big Bear Lake, California
  &subtitle=A great vacation getaway
  &abouttext=Come explore the mountains in SoCal!
  &bgcolor=rgb(140, 94, 42)
  &theme=light
  &widgetzoom=bottom-left
  &widgethome=hide
  &widgetnavtoggle=bottom-left
  &lat=34.24513
  &lon=-116.89622
  &heading=174
  &tilt=80
  &altitude=2086
  &scale=14739
```

![example-3.png](./example-3.png?raw=true)

### <a id="example4"></a>Example 4: [Existing Scene + Styled transparent color, dark widgets, theme dark, small top layout, widget layout right, panels left, about with Web Scene description](https://esri.github.io/calcite-maps-styler-template/index.html?webscene=128ba9498cca447ab6ec356b84fee879%20&bgcolor=transparent&widgettheme=dark&widgetslayout=top-right&panelslayout=left&layout=top-small&lat=43.72115&lon=9.82826&activepanel=about&aboutdescription=true&zoom=2)

```
https://esri.github.io/calcite-maps-styler-template/index.html?webscene=128ba9498cca447ab6ec356b84fee879
  &title=Airflow%20Globe
  &subtitle=Air Traffic Routes
  &bgcolor=transparent
  &theme=dark
  &widgettheme=dark
  &layout=top-small
  &widgetslayout=top-right
  &panelslayout=left
  &lat=50.21064
  &lon=15.07372
  &zoom=2
  &activepanel=about
  &aboutdescription=true
```

![example-4.png](./example-4.png?raw=true)

## Features

What can you configure?

- Title/subtitle
- Menus and panels
- About text
- Search
- Widgets and location
- App layout
- App styles and colors
- Map start-up location

What mapping operations can you perform?

- Load web maps and web scenes
- Search for locations and places
- Find places e.g. Parks, Restaurants, Gas Stations…
- Browse bookmarks and slides
- Display legend and layers
- Change basemaps
- Zoom to your location or home
- View coordinates, zoom level, scale, tilt, rotation
- Share your current map view with others

## <a id="configurationParameters"></a>Configuration Parameters

Here are the parameters you can configure in a URL or in a JSON file.

|parameter|description|type|example|
|---|---|---|---|
|webmap|Webmap ID for webmap|String|`default`, `e1653fe614c04b6aa4efba5ba7b56d05`|
|webscene|Webscene ID for webscene|String|`default`, `bdc09d6c8ef8492783ebe2c572950931`|
|lat|Latitude to move the map to on start-up|Number|`45`|
|lon|Longitude to move the map to on start-up|Number|`-120`|
|x|X coordinate to move the map to on start-up|Number|`-50000000`|
|y|Y coordinate to move the map to on start-up|Number|`50000000`|
|wkid|Spatial reference value to support x/y values on start-up|Number|`103500`|
|zoom|Level of Detail (LOD) to zoom to on start-up |Number|`1`-`20`|
|scale|The scale the map displays on start-up. This prevails over zoom.|Number|`1`-`100000000`|
|rotation|Rotation of the 2D view on start-up|Number|`0`-`360`|
|tilt|Angle of the 3D view on start-up|Number|`0`-`90`|
|heading|Heading of the 3D view on start-up|Number|`0`-`360`|
|basemap|Basemap to use for the map on start-up. See ArcGIS JS API reference|String|`streets`, `satellite`...|
|title|Title of the application|String|`New York`|
|subtitle|Subtitle of the application|String|`A great place to visit`|
|abouttext|Information about your application|String|`Map of the Big Apple`|
|aboutsummary|Includes item summary (snippet) in about text|Boolean|`true`|
|aboutdescription|Includes item description in about text|Boolean|`false`|
|theme|The base color theme used to style the app. "custom" applies your color to the entire app.|String|`light`, `dark`, `custom`|
|bgcolor|The base background color for navbar and panels. Use Calcite colors or RGB/RGBA colors.|String|`light`, `dark`, `blue`..., `rgb(24,24,24)`, `rgba(24,24,24,.5)`|
|textcolor|The base text color for navbar and panels|String|`light`, `dark`|
|opacity|The opacity to use for navbar and panels|String|`0`-`1`|
|widgettheme|The base color for the widgets|String|`light`, `dark`|
|layout|The position of the navbar|String|`top-small`, `top-medium`, `top-medium`, `bottom-small`, `bottom-medium`, `bottom-large`|
|panelslayout|The position of the panels|String|`left`, `right`|
|widgetslayout|The position set for all widgets|String|`top-left`, `top-right`, `bottom-left`, `bottom-right`|
|menuXXX|Name of the menus and panels to display (menuabout, menulegend, menulayers, menubasemaps, menuslides, menubookmarks, menutogglenav, menushare)|Boolean|`true`, `false`|
|menustyledrawer|The style of the menu|Boolean|`true`,`false`|
|dockposition|Position to dock the popup. See ArcGIS JS API|String|`top-right`, `top-center`, `top-left`, `bottom-right`, `bottom-center`, `bottom-left`|
|widgetXXX|Name of the widget to add to the view (widgetzoom, widgethome, widgetlocate, widgettrack, widgetsearch, widgetbasemaptoggle)|String|`show`, `hide`, `top-left`, `top-right`, `bottom-left`, `bottom-right`|
|widgetnextbasemap|The name of the next basemap for the toggle. See ArcGIS JS API reference|String|`streets`, `satellite`...|
|widgetsearchnav|Show the search widget in the navbar|Boolean|`true`, `false`|
|activepanel|Name of the panel to show when app loads|String|`about`, `legend`, `basemaps`, `slides`, `layers`|
|findplaces|Enable long-tap/hold search for restaurants, parks, stores...|Boolean|`true`, `false`|
|showerrors|Display errors in a window when webmap or webscene have load failures|Boolean|`true`, `false`|

### JSON Example

```js
{
  "webmap": "e1653fe614c04b6aa4efba5ba7b56d05",
  "webscene": "",

  "title": "",
  "subtitle": "",
  "abouttext": "",
  "aboutsummary": true,
  "aboutdescription": false,

  "theme": "dark",
  "themecustom": false,
  "bgcolor": "",
  "textcolor": "",
  "opacity": "1",
  "widgettheme": "",

  "layout": "top",
  "panelslayout": "",

  "menuabout": true,
  "menulegend": true,
  "menulayers": true,
  "menubasemaps": true,
  "menuslides": true,
  "menushare": true,
  "menutogglenav": true,

  "menustyledrawer": false,

  "dockposition": "top-right",

  "widgetslayout": "top-left",
  "widgetzoom": "show",
  "widgethome": "show",
  "widgetcompass": "show",
  "widgetnavtoggle": "show",
  "widgetlocate": "show",
  "widgettrack": "hide",
  "widgetsearch": "hide",
  "widgetbasemaptoggle": "show",
  "widgetnextbasemap": "streets",

  "widgetcoords": true,
  
  "widgetsearchnav": true,

  "activepanel": "about",

  "findplaces": true,

  "lat": null,
  "lon": null,
  "x": null,
  "y": null,
  "wkid": null,
  "zoom": null,
  "scale": null,
  "rotation": null,
  "heading": null,
  "tilt": null,
  "altitude": null,

  "basemap": "",

  "showerrors": true
}
```

NOTE: See the [Application Boilerplate](http://www.github.com/Esri/application-boilerplate-js/) for more app configuration options.

### URL Example

The same JSON parameters can be passed to the application via URL.

```
WebMap
http://esri.github.io/calcite-maps-styler-template/index.html?webscene=e47ea1b15e284af5bc9b6be428de1a84&theme=light&bgcolor=dark-blue&opacity=.75
```

```
WebScene
http://esri.github.io/calcite-maps-styler-template/index.html?webscene=91b46c2b162c48dba264b2190e1dbcff&layout=bottom&activepanel=slides
```

## Setup and Deployment

Please see the [Application Boilerplate](http://www.github.com/Esri/application-boilerplate-js/).

## Resources

* [Creating your first Web Map and Web Scene](https://doc.arcgis.com/en/arcgis-online/create-maps/make-your-first-scene.htm)
* [Writing your first application](https://developers.arcgis.com/en/javascript/jstutorials/intro_firstmap_amd.html)
* [Make your first app](http://doc.arcgis.com/en/arcgis-online/create-maps/make-your-first-app.htm)
* [Create apps from maps](http://doc.arcgis.com/en/arcgis-online/create-maps/create-app-templates.htm)
* [Add configurable parameters to templates](http://doc.arcgis.com/en/arcgis-online/create-maps/configurable-templates.htm)
* [Community](https://developers.arcgis.com/en/javascript/jshelp/community.html)
* [ArcGIS for JavaScript API Resource Center](https://js.arcgis.com)
* [ArcGIS Blog](http://blogs.esri.com/esri/arcgis/)
* [twitter@esri](http://twitter.com/esri)

## Issues

Find a bug or want to request a new feature?  Please let us know by submitting an issue.

## Contributing

Esri welcomes contributions from anyone and everyone. Please see our [guidelines for contributing](https://github.com/esri/contributing).

## Licensing

Copyright 2016 Esri

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.

A copy of the license is available in the repository's [license.txt](https://github.com/Esri/calcite-maps-styler-template/blob/master/license.txt) file.

[](Esri Tags: ArcGIS ArcGIS Online Web Application boilerplate template widget Bootstrap Calcite Calcite-Maps Esri JavaScript application)
[](Esri Language: JavaScript)
